---
title: SimWrapper version 3.1
author: Billy Charlton
author_title: SimWrapper lead developer
authorURL: https://github.com/billyc
authorImageURL: https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1427526?v=4
---

SimWrapper 3 has been out since spring 2024 and includes some new goodies:

**Dashboard reorganization.** Dashboard sections are now displayed along the right instead of as tabs across the top of the view. In addition, each dashboard section can have multiple tabs! This two-level structure allows more detail on individual sections while helping you to organize things.

**Improved file system navigation.** Breadcrumbs and navigation work better now; pin favorite
folders to the left bar; and the new "Split"
side-panel allows you to split the window view into multiple areas by dragging a file folder from
the folder view into the main window.

**HDF5 Matrix Viewer** allows browsing of HDF5-format matrix data as tables, as a heat map, or
mapped onto a zonal boundary file. This is very handy for zonal data display and review.

**Grid Map** visualization for X/Y point data that's on a grid =)

**Project pages** now can have a consistent top-navigation bar defined in `simwrapper-config.yaml`

**Avro data file support.** The Apache Avro file format is a widely-used data format that now has
experimental support in SimWrapper for MATSim networks and XY data. Depending on user feedback, this may get
wider support in MATSim itself and in SimWrapper.

See the [Change Log](../docs/changelog) for the full list of updates.

