---
title: SimWrapper version 3.6
author: Billy Charlton
author_title: SimWrapper lead developer
authorURL: https://github.com/billyc
authorImageURL: https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1427526?v=4
---

SimWrapper release 3.6 is online now. This entry also includes new features from 3.5 which didn't get its own post.

Some bugfixes and a few new features:


**Maps:**

- Layered maps: Area/network maps can now have shapefile layers above or below the main dataset.
- New transparency slider for Shapefile/Map FillColor definition. This helps with area maps where the solid colors make it hard to "see" the streets and geography beneath.
- Geopackage file format now supported in map views and layer maps

**Dashboards**

Dashboard subtabs can now import other dashboards files. Be careful with relative paths, but if you specify things correctly you can now have dashboards that reference other dashboards!

[Example dashboard here](https://simwrapper.app/public/de/kelheim/projects/KelRide/01_AV-Service-Extension/12kmh/SAR2023-AV2/) where the various seeds are referencing dashboards in other folders. Example YAML file is [here](https://svn.vsp.tu-berlin.de/repos/public-svn/matsim/scenarios/countries/de/kelheim/projects/KelRide/01_AV-Service-Extension/18kmh/SAR2023-AV10/dashboard-subtabs-seed1.yaml)

**MATSim Logistics Viewer**

Introducing a new MATSim logistics viewer, similar to carrier viewer but allowing multi-depot logistics! See [logistics docs here](/docs/logistics)

**Transit viewer**

You can now specify custom route colors based on GTFS/route parameters, with "colors" attribute. See [transit docs here](/docs/transit-supply)

**Tables**

Table alignment now allows left/center/right array to be passed in yaml

Lots of new stuff to bite into! See the [Change Log](../docs/changelog) for the full list of updates.
